[EventHub&ServiceBUs] Update readme pointing to uamqp installation guidance (added alpine installation) (#16515)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/eventhub/azure-eventhub/README.md

The EventHubs SDK integrates nicely with the [Schema Registry][schemaregistry_service] service and [Avro][avro].
For more information, please refer to [Schema Registry SDK][schemaregistry_repo] and [Schema Registry Avro Serializer SDK][schemaregistry_avroserializer_repo].

### Building uAMQP wheel from source

`azure-eventhub` depends on the [uAMQP](https://pypi.org/project/uamqp/) for the AMQP protocol implementation.

> uAMQP wheels are provided for most major operating systems which will be installed automatically when installing `azure-eventhub`.

Reviewer: minor:
```suggestion
uAMQP wheels are provided for most major operating systems and will be installed automatically when installing `azure-eventhub`.
```

> If you're running on a platform that uAMQP wheels are not provided, please follow

Reviewer: minor:
```suggestion
If you're running on a platform for which uAMQP wheels are not provided, please follow
```
